All relationships that can be delayed are delayed
See a doctor
Come out, that kid actually came out
Cousin, Xiao Rong
Are you all right?
The Qin family didn't embarrass you, did they?
The Qin family respects me quite a bit
It's okay, what's quiet?
You are a big boy
If it weren't for me this time, you would have died at your in-laws' house
Still talking about it
Do you know who you are provoking?
How terrifying is the power of the in-laws?
Don't you have a point in mind?
Hmph, still talking nonsense here
The little uncle has such a temper
Don't take it personally.
It doesn't matter if Aunt Shen Long's family is for you
Didn't rest all night
You should be a little more measured in what you do in the future, right?
Thank you, Aunt Miao, what are you talking about?
Humph
You should thank President Qian for his willingness to help
Xie Qin's family is magnanimous
I should thank you even more for taking the trouble to find someone to help
Boy, you have no father or mother
I am your elder
I teach you a lesson, you should listen
In the future, give me a down-to-earth and good life
Don't hurt
The bad habits of the mouth are brought to the city
The iron slab is a trifle
No thought of the consequences
Too reckless, I'm looking at my cousin's sake
I won't care about what you just said
But that doesn't mean it's because
Relatives you just left
Don't take yourself too seriously